#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
appdirs==1.4.4            # via telegram-send
apscheduler==3.6.3        # via python-telegram-bot
certifi==2020.6.20        # via python-telegram-bot
cffi==1.14.3              # via cryptography
colorama==0.4.4           # via telegram-send
cryptography==3.1.1       # via python-telegram-bot
decorator==4.4.2          # via python-telegram-bot
greenlet==0.4.17          # via playwright
playwright==0.151.1       # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20           # via cffi
pydantic[dotenv]==1.6.1   # via -r requirements.in
pyee==8.1.0               # via playwright
python-dotenv==0.14.0     # via pydantic
python-telegram-bot==13.0  # via telegram-send
pytz==2020.1              # via apscheduler, tzlocal
six==1.15.0               # via apscheduler, cryptography
telegram-send==0.25       # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.0.4            # via python-telegram-bot
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3  # via playwright
tzlocal==2.1              # via apscheduler

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
